option(value="sv"     ) Swedish                 
option(value="en"     ) English                 
option(disabled       ) ──────────              
option(value="af"     ) Afrikaans               
option(value="ar"     ) Arabic                  
option(value="az"     ) Azerbaijani             
option(value="be"     ) Belarusian              
option(value="bg"     ) Bulgarian               
option(value="bn"     ) Bengali                 
option(value="bs"     ) Bosnian                 
option(value="ca"     ) Catalan                 
option(value="ceb"    ) Cebuano                 
option(value="cs"     ) Czech                   
option(value="cy"     ) Welsh                   
option(value="da"     ) Danish                  
option(value="de"     ) German                  
option(value="el"     ) Greek                   
option(value="eo"     ) Esperanto               
option(value="es"     ) Spanish                 
option(value="et"     ) Estonian                
option(value="eu"     ) Basque                  
option(value="fa"     ) Persian                 
option(value="fi"     ) Finnish                 
option(value="fr"     ) French                  
option(value="ga"     ) Irish                   
option(value="gl"     ) Galician                
option(value="gu"     ) Gujarati                
option(value="ha"     ) Hausa                   
option(value="hi"     ) Hindi                   
option(value="hm"     ) Hmong                   
option(value="hr"     ) Croatian                
option(value="ht"     ) Haitian Creole          
option(value="hu"     ) Hungarian               
option(value="hy"     ) Armenian                
option(value="id"     ) Indonesian              
option(value="ig"     ) Igbo                    
option(value="is"     ) Icelandic               
option(value="it"     ) Italian                 
option(value="iw"     ) Hebrew                  
option(value="ja"     ) Japanese                
option(value="jw"     ) Javanese                
option(value="ka"     ) Georgian                
option(value="kk"     ) Kazakh                  
option(value="km"     ) Khmer                   
option(value="kn"     ) Kannada                 
option(value="ko"     ) Korean                  
option(value="la"     ) Latin                   
option(value="lo"     ) Lao                     
option(value="lt"     ) Lithuanian              
option(value="lv"     ) Latvian                 
option(value="mg"     ) Malagasy                
option(value="mi"     ) Maori                   
option(value="mk"     ) Macedonian              
option(value="ml"     ) Malayalam               
option(value="mn"     ) Mongolian               
option(value="mr"     ) Marathi                 
option(value="ms"     ) Malay                   
option(value="mt"     ) Maltese                 
option(value="my"     ) Myanmar (Burmese)       
option(value="ne"     ) Nepali                  
option(value="nl"     ) Dutch                   
option(value="no"     ) Norwegian               
option(value="ny"     ) Chichewa                
option(value="pa"     ) Punjabi                 
option(value="pl"     ) Polish                  
option(value="pt"     ) Portuguese              
option(value="ro"     ) Romanian                
option(value="ru"     ) Russian                 
option(value="si"     ) Sinhala                 
option(value="sk"     ) Slovak                  
option(value="sl"     ) Slovenian               
option(value="so"     ) Somali                  
option(value="sq"     ) Albanian                
option(value="sr"     ) Serbian                 
option(value="st"     ) Sesotho                 
option(value="su"     ) Sudanese                
option(value="sw"     ) Swahili                 
option(value="ta"     ) Tamil                   
option(value="te"     ) Telugu                  
option(value="tg"     ) Tajik                   
option(value="th"     ) Thai                    
option(value="tl"     ) Filipino                
option(value="tr"     ) Turkish                 
option(value="uk"     ) Ukrainian               
option(value="ur"     ) Urdu                    
option(value="uz"     ) Uzbek                   
option(value="vi"     ) Vietnamese              
option(value="yi"     ) Yiddish                 
option(value="yo"     ) Yoruba                  
option(value="zh-CN"  ) Chinese (Simplified)    
option(value="zh-TW"  ) Chinese (Traditional)   
option(value="zu"     ) Zulu                    